hello, gentlemen, such a good day
he spoke to his friend give six strength and
greeting them again and now
bringing it is another story in the world
of technology we are still 14 of
January 2014 so gentlemen let's start
very good, gentlemen, we started with the
Today's news is and announces
two devices today
then two ultras and xperia one
gentlemen today are and surprise
everyone giving out two new
devices one that for their
specifications fit within the range
medium and another within the low range and
here the details of each of them
we started with the two ultra xperia is
a fable with 6-inch screen a
resolution of 280 280 x 720 processor
from quad-core to 1.4 snapdragon 400 and
a gpu adreno 305 all this accompanied
of a gig of ram plus 8 gigas of
internal storage the rear camera
it offers you 13 megapixels of power and yet
with android 4.3 and the living
this device sounds strong rival to the
galaxy no neo of samsung and in
specifications sounds a lot better than
the motogp but
We'll see when it goes on the market and
know more information its price to a
official 399 euros approximately now
we passed the second team xperia one
some pages consider it rival
direct from the motogp but that for me and
they will see it
it is very much down and for my taste it is
more competition the t2 ultra than this
now if the specifications go
4.5-inch dual core screen to
1.2 gigahertz and ram of 512 camera of 3
megapixels and with android 4.3 and the
living price to an official 129 euros
these two teams will be marketed
to start in asia middle east and
Africa so we should wait a bit
so that it reaches Mexico and other countries
as good gentlemen would be all for today
thank you very much remember jail like
subscription and comment and remind them
that we are also on the networks
social what is twitter facebook and
double more which I will leave in the for
thank you very much and until the day of
tomorrow with more information